hi guys welcome to the kitchen
tiberius
today we are going to make an easy dish
simple for the whole family we are going to
rest but then always at
level kitchen style
ah
The first thing we are going to do is going to be
catch olive oil
and take a splash
At the base of the pan we take the
We spread all over the pan
and we put it to heat
we already have the hot oil we are going to
take a little cayenne pepper oil that
I'm doing and I always like
pour a little parsley into the oil
turn on so you have a little more
taste
let's take the onion
we have chopped an onion we have
enough
and always to cut the onion we throw
a little salt on top
and we wait for the onion to punch
we have put the onion we will
Take the risks, I know, I want to tell you
I bought the grills already cooked
in the frozen area these reds
normally as baked albert does not
lack
gone through water like putting a pan on
I like to put it in the pan for
that to take the taste of the oil and
of the onion
in 2002
and we take them
and now while they are done
then let's take a touch of the
ibi kitchen Let's have arrived
sweet paprika and is waited over
Y
see that the risks have released a
little bit of water and 12 we are going to take
now
sweet paprika
to take that liquid that has released
far is lame water the taste of paprika
and also a little
fat we are a little bit above
you'll see me guys who left us richer
they will stay
for the garrison of our challenges
we have known for 25 minutes two
potatoes so remembered and we're going to
put down the risks that is to say in
the base of our plate
mier guys who have not been better
Easy, simple and for the whole family
today we guys have reached record but
always left to the kitchen style of
I have been